I projovem how to buy
another argument from olé and from 2003 and server
is today
It's very interesting that it's
internet sharing
note that I have with server that with good performances of reed being that one of the
my local network
which I have attributed the inter
fixed
and my machines connect
and connect to the server through it
I have here my neutral network card with
My hspa address is coming from my speedy
For this I go
start administrative tools wizard to configure the server
I advance forward again it will minister note servers
I'll come here and remote access server and vpn
he gives me here a brief description
also provides address translation melting pernet allows all
computers in a network a small mind
share a connection to the internet that's what we want
how to click there remote access server vpn next
cast the mind
he now a bm the assistant
I advance
and back to the blocks in this second option as the IP address action of
dinarte
advances
Notice that he's here for me.
the two network cards that the time served
the one from my local connection
thaksin you ask me points 0 point without a point since my connection
This one I would vote to select the one that has this medium here
class c
select the network card that has the internet that has the
connection like dem
Angelo, that's the way I am.
It is known that this year and show you
even though a station
in the attack the station does not have internet yet
the cd shows this detail to you
and will open the internet there
I'm going to open other stations here as well.
that you realize
who does not have internet yet
these machines are connected server
there is no reason why so far
trying to find
there is no internet
fucile is that my
ma my alienated machine
I download
tool and other net page poems here
no page
the page can not
will be displayed
after seeing the sea
they vote on the server since none of the workstations
bad
Internet
I went back to the server
How can I continue?
activate the service
will advance
and give me a summary of what the breakthrough again fire with the coi
at that time it will start initiating routing and remote access service
I'll complete the assistant
it bores me kept the server manager
restart
active cadence tools
I will have the mind and bike access and in the attack that in the field today appeared in the 9th
minutes
google page
because the server has already been firing
the crazy states
the server notices that he has a little green thing here
tardelli captive in tahiti already appeared I'm going sailing here in another
on another site so you can see
back here starting again movie
do not wait
on note the bndes it already
opened here
another page after returning to the home page path
I'll go here
same thing here with
my other station the endosulfam
motorbike too
so this is personal
just go out there
to Caesar
the routing and remote access service to confirm that in fact
the server
said they had
and access
tactile and I hope you liked this video lesson
a big hug
and to the square